Update requirements for Data Jobs Monitoring EMR setup page (#23987)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_jobs/emr.md

1. On the **Review** page, review your secret details. Then, click **Store**.
1. In AWS Secrets Manager, open the secret you created. Take note of the **Secret ARN**.

### Grant permissions to EMR EC2 instance profile

> EMR EC2 instance profile is a IAM role assigned to every EC2 instance in an Amazon EMR cluster when the instance launches, follow [the offical guide][11] to prepare this role based on your application's need to interact with other AWS services. The following additional permssions may be required for Data Jobs Monitoring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EMR EC2 instance profile is a IAM role assigned to every EC2 instance in an Amazon EMR cluster when the instance launches. Follow [the Amazon guide][11] to prepare this role based on your application's need to interact with other AWS services. The following additional permissions may be required for Data Jobs Monitoring.
```

> #### Permissions to get secret value using AWS Secret Management (required if using Secrets Manager)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Permissions to get secret value using AWS Secrets Manager

<div class="alert alert-warning">
These permissions are <strong>required</strong> if you are using AWS Secrets Manager.
</div>
```

1. In your [AWS IAM console][5], click on **Access management** > **Roles** in the left navigation bar. 
1. Click on the IAM role you plan to use as the instance profile for your EMR cluster.
1. On the next page, under the **Permissions** tab, find the **Permissions policies** section. Click on **Add permissions** > **Create inline policy**.
1. On the **Specify permissions** page, find the **Select a service** section. Under **Service**, select **Secrets Manager**.
   {{< img src="data_jobs/emr/specify_permissions.png" alt="AWS IAM console, Specify Permissions page." style="width:80%;" >}}
   - Then, under **Actions allowed**, select `GetSecretValue`. This is a **Read** action.
   - Under **Resources**, select **Specific**. Then, next to **Secret**, click on **Add ARNs** and add the ARN of the secret you created in the first step on this page.
   - Click **Next**.
1. On the next page, give your policy a name. Then, click **Create policy**.

> #### Permissions to describe cluster (required if NOT using the default role EMR_EC2_DefaultRole)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Permissions to describe cluster

<div class="alert alert-warning">
These permissions are <strong>required</strong> if you are <strong>NOT</strong> using the default role, <code>EMR_EC2_DefaultRole</code>.
</div>
```

1. On the **Review** page, review your secret details. Then, click **Store**.
1. In AWS Secrets Manager, open the secret you created. Take note of the **Secret ARN**.

### Grant permissions to EMR EC2 instance profile

> EMR EC2 instance profile is a IAM role assigned to every EC2 instance in an Amazon EMR cluster when the instance launches, follow [the offical guide][11] to prepare this role based on your application's need to interact with other AWS services. The following permssions are additional permissions required for Data Jobs Monitoring.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
EMR EC2 instance profile is a IAM role assigned to every EC2 instance in an Amazon EMR cluster when the instance launches, follow [the offical guide][11] to prepare this role based on your application's need to interact with other AWS services. The following additional permssions may be required for Data Jobs Monitoring.
```

> #### Permissions to get secret value using AWS Secret Management (Recommended)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Permissions to get secret value using AWS Secret Management (required if using Secrets Manager)
```

1. In your [AWS IAM console][5], click on **Access management** > **Roles** in the left navigation bar. 
1. Click on the IAM role you plan to use as the instance profile for your EMR cluster.
1. On the next page, under the **Permissions** tab, find the **Permissions policies** section. Click on **Add permissions** > **Create inline policy**.
1. On the **Specify permissions** page, find the **Select a service** section. Under **Service**, select **Secrets Manager**.
   {{< img src="data_jobs/emr/specify_permissions.png" alt="AWS IAM console, Specify Permissions page." style="width:80%;" >}}
   - Then, under **Actions allowed**, select `GetSecretValue`. This is a **Read** action.
   - Under **Resources**, select **Specific**. Then, next to **Secret**, click on **Add ARNs** and add the ARN of the secret you created in the first step on this page.
   - Click **Next**.
1. On the next page, give your policy a name. Then, click **Create policy**.

> #### Permissions to describe cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Permissions to describe cluster (required if NOT using the default role EMR_EC2_DefaultRole)
```

> Only do this step if you are NOT using the default role **EMR_EC2_DefaultRole** for cluster EC2 instances and its associated AWS default managed policy, **AmazonElasticMapReduceforEC2Role**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> You can skip this step if you are using the default role **EMR_EC2_DefaultRole** for cluster EC2 instances and its associated AWS default managed policy, **AmazonElasticMapReduceforEC2Role**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Only do this step if you are NOT using the default role **EMR_EC2_DefaultRole** for cluster EC2 instances and its associated AWS default managed policy, **AmazonElasticMapReduceforEC2Role**.
```

   ```

>    The script above sets the required parameters, downloads and runs the latest init script for Data Jobs Monitoring in EMR. If you want to pin your script to a specific version, you can replace the file name in the URL with `emr_init_1.4.0.sh` to use the last stable version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The script above sets the required parameters, and downloads and runs the latest init script for Data Jobs Monitoring in EMR. If you want to pin your script to a specific version, you can replace the file name in the URL with `emr_init_1.4.0.sh` to use the last stable version.
```
